net: lib: nrf_cloud_coap: Net info optional for AGNSS (#16267)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

  * Updated the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_CLOUD_CLIENT_ID_SRC_RUNTIME` Kconfig option to be available with CoAP and REST.

* :ref:`lib_nrf_cloud_coap` library:

>   * Fixed a hard fault when encoding AGNSS request data if the ``net_info`` field of the :c:struct:`nrf_cloud_rest_agnss_request` structure is NULL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Fixed a hard fault that occurred when encoding AGNSS request data and the ``net_info`` field of the :c:struct:`nrf_cloud_rest_agnss_request` structure is NULL.
```
